gh-144986: Fix memory leak in atexit.register() (#144987)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-02-19-00-00-00.gh-issue-144986.atexit-leak.rst

Fix memory leak in :func:`atexit.register` caused by missing :c:func:`Py_DECREF`

> for the arguments tuple. Patch by Shamil Abdulaev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a memory leak in :func:`atexit.register.
Patch by Shamil Abdulaev.
```
We do not need such detail, see the [devguide for more information](https://devguide.python.org/core-team/committing/#how-to-write-a-news-entry):

> Describe the user-visible effects of your change succinctly and accurately; avoid long technical elaborations
